hey folks Andy Smith sandy springs for
guess where sandy springs georgia I've
got a demo I've got the boss's demo I
got a 2010 svt raptor truck for you to
take a look at this thing is Baja tested
Baja proven this thing is 7 inches wider
than a typical f-150 those black things
on the roof are heat extractors to
extract heat from this mass of 5.4 liter
v8 engine this is a one unique unique
vehicle this thing is going to turn
heads you go down the street no one else
is going to have one of these on your
block I guarantee it this has the man
step or the tailgate step it has the bed
extender it also has tow package tow
hooks and for towing you're going to
backup camera you can get your trail
around the first time out no mistakes
hook her up take right off go on down
the road no problem on the side folks
that's called digital mud no one else
has that in the industry is some pretty
cool stuff pretty unique inside the
truck upgraded stereo system to Sony
leather wrap steering wheel adjustable
pedals tanking hard drive navigation
system microsoft sync with bluetooth
auxiliary switches heated seats it's
amazing molten orange inserting the
seats door panels you got a sunroof you
got electrochromatic mirror you got
Raptor and blazing in the seat backs
you've also got what's that I'm a power
seat memory seeds all-weather floor mats
you got the inserts in the back rows of
course why wouldn't you have it there
you get a power rear sliding window too
it's amazing play this a good report who
wouldn't want this truck it's amazing
absolutely even this even the step rails
are unique the step bars look at those
non-skid surface let's go back inside
and take a look at this thing now Oh
leather wrap steering like I said you
got your just pedals you got the trailer
sway control trailer brake control you
got hill descent as well this is one bad
a/s truck 5.4 liter triton v8 engine
tested tried and true can't beat it
folks call sandy Smith 8 8 8 8 430 to
call me today keep the boss from putting
miles on his truck it can be yours